---layout: posttitle:  "3 Steps (2 minutes) to Setup Your Personal Website with Jalpc"date:   2017-01-31desc: "3 Steps (2 minutes) to Setup Your Personal Website with Jalpc"keywords: "Jalpc,Jekyll,gh-pages,website,blog,easy"categories: [HTML]tags: [Jalpc,Jekyll]icon: icon-html---Actually, I don’t know what to write in this kind of small article or diary, but I do want to write something in English. I love to speak English and have a very strong desire to speak it well. English is so important a tool that I think my future life will depend on it. It’s lucky that I like English because if I am interested in something, I will have motivation to spend time on it and try to do it well. English is a very interesting and beautiful language. I feel good while trying to speak in English.I have tried a lot of ways to learn English well so far, but the problem is that most methods seem to be useless. I think the main reason is that I can hardly commit to good methods after finding them. I’m too lazy. Starting this week, I want to make some plans for my English learning and try my best to persist in that1. Since I have forgotten many basic words and grammar, I decided to learn English from the very beginning. I found some videos about the New Concept of English on a website. I want to watch all of them in order to have a systematic understanding of English grammar.2. Another way to improve my English is by talking to someone in YY channel every night. There are many good English speakers there, although most of them are Chinese. But there is one problem while using this method. When I talk to people such as native English speakers, I can’t catch up with them and it is hard for me to join their conversation, which makes me nervous. When I talk to someone who doesn’t speak English well, the embarrassing situation may occur that both of us don’t know what to talk about due to our limited language skills. So the critical thing for me now is to improve my English.3. I also decided to read novels this week. Reading is always a good habit. Forming a habit to read books usually is difficult for me, because I hadn’t read much in the past. I’m starting to read the book “The Great Gatsby.”. It’s a good start and I wish I could stick with it.Well, that’s all I have to say about this week. As for next week, it may be a good idea for me to write something about my feelings on some English books and movies.